hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you my wardrobe so this is my
wardrobe and it's an original design it
was actually made by my dad's best
friend who is a carpenter so um very
first of all on the very front here I
have just stuck on a piece of plastic so
that I can write little reminders things
like and that's really handy and it
comes in really useful I start with the
first ball so I'm going to take down
this basket to show you what I put
inside so on this is kind of I don't I'm
not very sporty at all but this is
technically in my sportswear basket so
on this side here I've got all of my
swimwear so some swimming costumes and
bikinis and rash vests and things and
here I've got gymnastics things so
cycling shorts and jumpers and leotards
I like to use these plastic drawers from
Muji I find that they are really great
for organizing and I simply love them so
as you can see on the top here I've got
three jewelry boxes in this first one I
keep my very favorite to eat so I've got
my two time tanners and then a few
necklaces and bracelets badges and some
spare watches this one at the back which
says daughter a special good little girl
who grows up to be a special friend
which my mum incidentally bought for me
and inside I've got the rest of my
jewelry and this one's actually a
musical jewelry box at the back here
I've got all of my Jonny Bowden catalogs
because I really like the pictures and
them and I use them for
outfit ideas so this is my sock drawer
and there are also some miscellaneous
bits in here and I like to use things on
bags to organize everything so these
here are my fat face socks
then I've got plain ankle socks white
trainer socks
these are black ankle socks
these are fluffy socks these are patent
ankle socks
these are knee-high socks then I got
this pair these tube has actually loose
and because they're my two favorite cars
at the moment in here I keep ties thing
it is a yoga bag was like scented love
yeah it's lavender and you put it on
your eyes and it's really really
relaxing then I've got a few pairs of
tight and I've got a hands on the tiger
hole down and then in here it's
miscellaneous clothing accessories like
clip on colors and LAN yards and braces
and things on the top here I like to
keep some music boxes I've just got
three here and then in this drawer it's
mainly underwear in these two here I
keep underwear and then I have got some
thermals hair I've got some cycling
shorts here and then I've got lots of
basses here these are thermals which are
leggings so underneath jeans if it's
really cold but in this one I have got
trousers so at the front here I've got
kind of jeans and trousers and then it
back here if you can see tracksuit
bottoms and then if they used two
different bags I keep leggings so this
one's for plain like and then down here
I've got pajamas so at the front here
I've got flannel pajamas which are
button-up ones then I've got my American
Girl ones hair right at the back
I keep my night dresses and then I've
got this travel organizer which I
actually used to store the rest of my
pajamas so on this side I keep pajama
bottoms and on this side I've got pajama
tops then this is the main compartment
we would write so this is actually quite
messy at the moment it's not usually
this messy up here but I put all of my
dresses here there I've got shirts to
school and then I've got Blazers at the
back I've got some dungarees
and pinafores things that can't really
be hung up because they fall off and
I've also got my brown berry then I've
got this big Moody draw the same kind
that I had before but on top I've got
these two American bat boxes so in the
first one I've got some American Girl
pajamas and in the second one I keep all
of my flashcards they're all just in
here and then I can obviously use them
if I want to revise it so can you open
up this straw
I've got card games all of my cardigans
here so this is mainly jumpers and I
love jumpers I seem to always be wearing
them and at the front here I've got all
of my hair accessories so I've got two
hair brushes I have straightener and a
hair color and on this side I've got
this sort of gorgeous pot which my
sister bought me doesn't mine and inside
I've got hair ties and then I just pick
up this candle core or tin box which has
got loads of them wax melts and I
recently got this and I really love it
so then as you can see I've all of my
jumpers here so pretty much all of them
are from Bowden this one's probably my
favorite jump at the moment it's got a
military prints on it and it serves so
nice and Martha's laughing he doesn't
like it oh and in this middle basket
here the thing that distinguishes these
jumpers from the other ones is that
these ones are my thick Nordic Hermione
Granger jumpers so now let's go on to
the very bottom and I'm sorry because
it's quite dusty down here yes so I've
got Fred as I like I use the most and at
the moment my favorite body butter is
this one from body shop it's pumpkin and
vanilla and it smells amazing then at
the back here I've got my dry shampoo
and also my hair spray and I also keep
some headbands and scrunchies in this
box at the back yeah I have got at the
top I've got my makeup bag so I keep all
of my makeup in here
instead I put some talcum powder and
I've gotten this body spray which is
sweet cinnamon pumpkin from Bath & Body
Works and now I've got this really cool
WH Smiths draw set and I keep all of my
toiletries in here so I've got lip balms
I've got there's like mini kind of
parallax it and here I've got travel and
toiletries in here I keep hand creams
and hands on their tires and here I've
got perfumes and then lastly in here
it's a miscellaneous toiletries so then
at the back here I've got all of my
candles in a basket and then I've got
this little static boxes you can take it
out to show you so on the top I've got
the secret library candle which is very
kindly sent to me and this is an
enchanted forest and it smells amazing
then I've got this hair clip organizer
which my sister bought me and I have a
topic called my hair back hair clips as
I've said and then at the bottom I keep
kind of headbands and then lastly down
here I have got where those loads and
loads and loads of pepper it's very
cheap my bags and also some more jumpers
so in here I've got casual jumpers and
they've also got a onesie up there and
then in here I keep harem bags and
purses and then I've got my passes here
as well then in this next compartment
first of all I've got my money box which
says queen bee on it there are all of my
spats and I love skirt so I've got quite
a few Oh
then down here I keep shorts I've taken
out all of my summer shorts so these are
winter shorts and I want to see what
with when I say winter short I mean that
I wear them over tights and I've also
got a smart skirt because I keep my
school skirts here but the other ones
are in the wash then down here is all of
my tops so I'm gonna start with this
hair which is another trap of organizer
like the one I use to store my pajamas
so
this side I keep all of my burden point
held t-shirts and on the other side I've
got t-shirts and then at the front I've
got these are kind of more fashioned
tops and at the front these are my
favorite ones then lastly right down at
the bottom
first of all I've got this Dickens and
Jones makeup bag toiletries bag and
inside I keep my kind of skin care goods
and then I've got my co2 gun which I
just left there and then all of these
are thin jumpers which I can just put it
on over shirts for school and which are
good form into seasoned days when you're
changing between seasons so much for
watching I hope that you enjoyed this
video and I hope that you're able to
implement some strategies for organizing
your own wardrobe thank you again and
have a productive week
and press the home button home button oh
it's just gonna go off again